uniform policy grade 1-7



* All rules also apply when uniform are worn before and after school and off the school property

* Learners are not permitted to "mix" uniform and casual clothes

* Please ensure that all uniform are clean and fit well 

*Torn, tattered, faded, or stained uniforms must be replaced.

*Uniform violations will be sent home for incorrect or outgrown uniforms



Summer uniform

Monday ( or first day after a holiday or long weekend ,etc)

	Girls-White blouse (with the yellow school tartan collar), tie skort, short white 	socks and black school shoes. The school pullover/jersey may be worn.

	Boys-White short-sleeved shirt, tie, navy blue school shorts, navy blue Pfunanane 	knee socks and black school shoes. The school pullover/jersey may be worn.

Tuesday to Friday
	
	Girls - Skort,blue golf-shirt, short white socks and black school shoes. The school 
	pullover/jersey may be worn.
	
	Boys- Navy blue school shorts, golf-shirt, blue Pfuanane knee socks and black 	school shoes. The school pullover/ jersey may be worn.
	
Winter Uniform

Monday (Or first day of the week after holiday or long weekend ,etc)

	Girls - White school blouse with a tie, skort with navy blue tight or blue 	Pfunanane knee socks. They can also wear long navy blue dress trousers (Not 	tracksuit pants), school jersey and/or pullover, and black shoes. The school 	tracksuit jacket may be worn over the jersey if necessary.

	Boys- White short-sleeved shirt with a tie, navy blue long dress trousers (Not 	tracksuit jacket may be worn over the jersey if necessary.

Tuesday to Friday
	
	Girls - Skort,blue golf-shirt, short white socks and black school shoes. The school 
	pullover/jersey may be worn.
	
	Boys - Navy blue school shorts, golf-shirt, blue Pfuanane knee socks and black 	school shoes. The school tracksuit jacket may be worn over the jersey if necessary 
	
	If a child has injured a foot and is unable to wear school shoes at that time, 	parents are requested to contact the office to make a plan. Please do not allow 	your child to wear alternative shoes without first contacting the office.

ONLY ON THE DAYS THEY HAVE P.E. THE SCHOOL TRACKSUIT PANTS MAY BE WORN OVER THE SPORT CLOTHES BY BOYS AND GIRLS!


SPORT UNIFORM

	The sports uniform consist of navy blue shorts and Pfunanane sports shirit. These 	items must be bought from the school. Long tights may no be worn under the sport 	shorts. If it is cold, children should wear the tracksuit pants over their shorts.
	School shoes or takkies must be worn with the sport uniform - no sandals or flip 	flops! Socks must be school socks (either navy or white).

	The sport uniform must be changed into every Monday to Thursday during activity 	period for any kind of sport, and also for Physical Education classes. Please check 	your child's timetable for this.


THE SCHOOL TRACKSUIT PANTS  AND JACKET MAY BE WORN OVER THE SPORT UNIFORM ON THE DATS WHEN THEY CHILDREN HAVE TO 



